what's up guys this is Jordan with
macking computer help here today to show
you how to do a mouse-over effect on
your images in your website that you're
building with HTML now there's tons of
tutorials out there and show you how to
do this with JavaScript but that takes
multiple lines of code and is a bit of a
hassle now you can do the same thing
with this one line of code in HTML now
the first thing you need to do is have
two image which is that are alike but
just slightly off with the shading or
shadowing or something um as you can see
I have a lighter and darker image here
that are the same and now just open up
your favorite HTML editor I use Komodo
edit but you can use whatever you can
actually use TextEdit if you're on a PC
and now just declare a image right here
and then the source and I'm going to use
the lighter one as the original image
and make sure that you use the right
file path if the images and the HTML
file aren't in the same folder and now
here's what you need here's the
important bark on mouse-over
this source equals and then single quote
knack tutorials mouse over single quote
end double quote end now so when you
move the mouse over it will change to
that darker image now on Mouse out so it
will change back to the original image
when you move when you move the mouse
from over top of the image after twirls
dot TIFF and then close it up and I
actually forgot to end off this first
image with adaptive make sure you always
have the type of picture always we've
done it now you can save the file and
then open up the index now when you move
your mouse over it changes to that
darker color and when you move it on
your mouse from the image it changes
back to letter so a whole lot simpler
doing it with HTML because it's one line
unlike JavaScript which can be mini
lines
you